[All hosts](security docs refresh) (#3010)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/quickstarts/sso-quickstart-customize.md

Before the add-in can successfully read the contents of the user's OneDrive for Business, its app registration information in Azure must be updated with the appropriate permissions. Complete the following steps to grant the app the **Files.Read.All** permission and revoke the **User.Read** permission, which is no longer needed.

1. Sign in to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) with your **Microsoft 365 administrator credentials**.

3. Go to the **App registrations** page, and choose the app registration that you created during the quick start.
    > [!TIP]

>     > The **Display name** of the app will match the add-in name that you specified when you created the project with the Yeoman generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > The **Display name** of the app matches the add-in name that you specified when you created the project with the Yeoman generator.
```
